Hey, everybody on the stream, welcome to the show.
We're going to kick it off now.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes, where we deliver Python news and headlines directly
to your earbuds.
This is episode 281, recorded April 27th, 2022.
I'm Brian Okken.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Anna Astori.
Welcome Anna.
Thank you.
Before we jump in, tell us a little bit about yourself.
- Yeah, definitely.
So I'm a data engineer, or at least at the moment.
By training, I'm a linguist,
so degrees in both theoretical linguistics
and competition linguistics.
So I'm really about how the information is encoded
in our brains and how we share this information.
And that's why I work in the tech.
- Nice.
- So yeah, since I got my master's in competition linguistics
I worked at Amazon, at Alexa AI org for a while.
So I first worked as a language engineer actually.
So it was more on the side of linguistic side of things
and so dealing with extracting the semantics
and the meaning really out of the data for Alexa.
Then gradually I switched over to just data processing
and been in the role of data engineer
for about three, four years now.
And I'm currently with Decathon,
which is a worldwide sports retailer.
So working with lots of, lots of data there.
- Okay.
- That is fascinating.
- Yeah, it's been a ride.
- Yeah, it's really neat how we can speak
to our devices these days,
and they kind of actually work, do amazing things, right?
Like I know when Alexa first came out
and Siri especially, it was like,
ah, I don't really want to, that thing is so not getting,
and now I talk to my devices all the time.
It's amazing.
- Yeah, there are some things that are really sophisticated
that they can do now.
Sometimes I can't even believe
like we're actually getting there.
So it's pretty exciting.
And sometimes I admit that, you know,
in some of the things that sometimes you're like,
really, you can do it?
But I realized that having worked on that,
actually I realized that sometimes it's just
kinds of things that, you know,
like from a professional standpoint,
it might seem like kind of trivial to me,
but I realized that there's so much work
put into these things.
And then the AI of the actual device,
that sometimes just like you don't get
to all these little like corners, right?
So one of the things that I got to work at some point
was actually helping Alexa kind of know
when she needs to stop.
When she needs to stop talking about things
and telling you about things like whatever she found
on Wikipedia or whatnot.
So yeah, it's funny.
- Fantastic. - It is funny.
So, well, for our first item,
Michael, do you wanna kick it off?
- I will definitely kick it off.
Let's take it to the next level with this one.
So this is an article by Eluda
called "Take Your GitHub Repository to the Next Level."
And there's kind of 13 levels,
but I guess it's a spectrum.
you decide which level you want to take it to.
So here are basically 13 ideas
on how your GitHub repository can be better.
So there was a topic I was going to cover
after I explored more, I decided, not so much,
but as part of it, there was a conversation
about some WebAssembly stuff in Python,
and I checked it out, it's really cool,
they're like, we're going to use this library,
this is the fundamental thing that makes it work,
and I go to the GitHub repo for that,
and it says, here's how you build it.
And that's it, I'm like, wait, okay, great,
but why do I want it?
What can I do with it?
How do I use it?
I don't care about how do I build it.
Like that's the last, I'll just download the WASM file.
But what do I do with it once I get it, right?
It was just none of that.
And so that's kind of, you know,
this article helps you think through those ideas.
- Oh, nice.
- So number one, and you know it's Python friendly
'cause it starts with zero, step zero,
rather than one, make your project more discoverable.
Now, every one of these comes with a recommendation,
a bit of a description, and then examples, which is cool.
So for example, this one says, what you can do
is to help people find your project
if the name of your project does not carefully
describe what it is, you can put tags, basically.
So like refactoring, or science, or things like that
might be something you put on there that's not immediately
obvious from it, right?
So you can tag subject areas and whatnot.
And they have some examples.
So for example, there's this thing called Well App,
which is like a mindfulness app for the Mac.
Of course it's for the Mac, isn't it?
So it has tags such as macOS, productivity,
happiness, mental health, but also Flutter and web app
if people wanted to check out a Flutter web app, right?
Okay, so that's, you know, there's other examples as well.
That's step zero.
Step one is choose a name that sticks.
something that's available on PyPI,
something that people can Google,
something that people want to say.
It doesn't sound silly or unprofessional
if they were to use it.
You wouldn't call your web app fancy pants server, right?
You wouldn't say, well, our fancy pants server
is really scaling today.
It's like, you wouldn't want to speak that way necessarily.
So don't name it that way, right?
- Yeah.
- So choose a name that sticks.
- And that we can say on air.
- Yes, exactly.
- Yeah, I mean, is, you know, somewhat predictable
in the pronunciation maybe, because that's also a challenge.
But so there's some examples of like, yeah, yeah.
Anna, what do you think?
- Yeah, absolutely.
Just thinking about the name,
something that I ran into today,
particularly with Python,
some of the services or applications,
and libraries as well that often end in P-Y,
and sometimes you don't know if it's pi or p in that case.
It's like, oh, confusing.
And then you're talking to somebody else
who's talking about the same thing.
They're like constantly confused.
So yeah.
- Yeah, I agree.
It matters a lot.
Let's see.
So some of the things are conduct a thorough
internet search for the name,
avoid hard to spell names,
get the dev or .io domain.
If you really, really care about it,
is it some random small little package
or are you trying to create the next FastAPI?
right, a name that conveys some meaning.
I was thinking about Jupyter, for example,
like Jupyter is pretty interesting
because it's kind of hard to spell,
but once you know it, you just know it.
And it very clearly works well in a search.
There's probably no domain name
that's like a misspelled planet type of thing.
You know, I mean, it was probably a really good choice
even though it kind of breaks the,
maybe hard to spell at first.
- Yeah, but it's easier to search, right?
- Yeah, yeah.
The example they give for this one is size limit is the name.
And what does it do?
It calculates the real cost to run your JavaScript app
or lib to keep good performance.
It'll show an error in a PR if the cost,
basically file size, exceeds the limit.
That's cool.
The next one, I'm all about this.
Display a beautiful cover image.
So if you go to a repo and it's just the text,
that's not amazing.
You want some color and you don't necessarily have to have
like an amazing logo. So they come back to this well app and it's just a W with like a little
connection smile or something under it. One thing I did learn about this though that I thought was
interesting like how do they center this image but not have it go all the way across the readme.
If you go to the readme and you actually look at it, apparently github will let you put full html
inside of your readme for the segments that need lots of formatting. I thought it I thought they
They wouldn't.
I know some markdown does fall back that way,
but I didn't think GitHub did.
Anyway, apparently, yes, you can.
Also, this one's quick, badges, like,
is CI passing, what's the license, and so on.
Is there a YouTube link to like a YouTube channel
that shows people how to use it?
Some more of those as examples.
Write a convincing description in a paragraph or two.
Add things like, what is this repo or project?
How does it work?
Who will use it?
What is the goal?
And so on, right?
simple one and again,
they come back to the size limit.
It's a performance tool that'll crash your CI if it gets too big.
Here we go, getting to the ones that Brian and I love.
Record visuals to attract users.
>> Yes.
>> You might think there's no UI aspect,
but here's a full-on CLI example,
that is create go app CLI.
All it does, imagine this,
it creates go apps on the CLI.
A good name that conveys what it does.
But if you go to see, how do I create one?
It has the option, but then under it,
it has an animated GIF doing the things that creates the app
and showing you the tree structure that results,
the file structure that results, and so on.
Then a full video and a documentation to that thing,
and so on.
So that's pretty awesome.
And how about you?
Brian and I are always trying to quickly jump into a project
and figure out, what is it about?
Is it polished and so on?
but that's 'cause we run this podcast.
How do you see this sort of pictures
and animations for repos?
- Yeah, that's super helpful.
I really like the idea with the animation,
just basically taking you through
through the kinds of things that this particular app,
for instance, can do.
That's just super helpful.
More and more people started doing it.
I don't think it's super popular yet.
I don't know about how about you guys,
but I haven't seen it a whole lot of times.
But yeah, it definitely looks nice.
- Yeah, I really like it as well.
All right, let's see.
Another one is create a practical usage guide,
like how to use it with some examples,
some templates, answer common questions like an FAQ.
Can I use it on Windows or does it require admin support?
I don't know, something like that.
Build a community, so maybe you have,
this is probably further down the line,
but like, do you have a Discord community for your project?
Or you can even just enable discussions
on the GitHub repository.
I'll end up with people opening issues
on my various repositories saying, I have a question.
Okay, a question is not an issue.
An issue is the thing that is wrong
or a thing to be improved,
but they don't have another way
to communicate traditionally.
But GitHub now has, in addition to issues,
they also have a discussion section that's more open-ended.
So I think that's off by default, if I remember correctly.
at least on the older ones it is, so I go and turn that on.
Code of conduct, that's all good.
Contributor guidelines, choose a license, the right license.
Remember, if you don't choose a license at all,
that means it's unlicensed and people can't really use it.
So add a roadmap, create GitHub releases.
One thing that I didn't pull up that's pretty cool
is release drafter.
So I'm not sure if you all are familiar with this,
but this is a pretty cool thing as well, release drafter.
Drafts your next release notes
as PRs are merged into master or main,
depending on how you set up your repo.
That's pretty cool.
Customize your social media preview.
So if somebody shares your project,
you can control what is shown in that little Twitter card
or other cards.
So apparently that that can be customized
inside of your GitHub repository and launch a website.
Off it goes, you can use GitHub Pages or Netlify
is really easy and free for static sites and so on.
So anyway, there's a bunch of things people can do
to take their repo to the next level.
What do you all think?
- I think it's great.
- Yeah, I love this list, it looks very nice.
- I don't do any of these things.
I probably should.
- I might have a picture, I have a usage guide.
Oh, there's also one that talks about how to install it
that I somehow skipped,
but most things don't need more than one of the things.
- One of the things that I see a lot is,
I don't know if this covers it,
but I see documentation that's on read the docs,
which is great, but I still think a quick start
or a little like this is how you install it.
And this is how you can do a little bit
of something with it.
That should be in the read me,
even if you have other documentation,
because I don't want to have to just go
to the documentation to see if this is the right project
for me, so.
- Yeah.
- This is great.
So we have a question of,
does, how does one create a CLI animated GIF?
And I don't know if the doc, if this article covers that,
but.
- I don't think so.
- Okay.
We'll have to, we'll have to research that
and get back to you.
- Well, Alvaro, what I do is,
so I'll use Camtasia and you can record a Camtasia video
of just the window.
And then there's different output options,
like just audio or just the video or an animated GIF.
So that's one of them.
Jeremy Page points out there are a few tools
to record that in cinema.
I don't know, like, sorry, ASCII cinema, basically.
I don't know how to say that.
It's often used pretty cool.
And Dean.
- Speaking of difficult names.
- Exactly, I'm at a loss on that one.
Claudia, who I just had on Talk Python,
has a blog post about many of those things
and has a cookie cutter for release drafter and patches.
Yeah, I covered that on Talk Python just recently
about hyper-modern Python.
So, awesome.
Well, that's probably way more than people wanna know
about their GitHub repository,
but so often GitHub repositories these days
serve as your CV or your resume
when you go to apply for developer jobs.
And if you end up at somewhere that looks like
what they've described here,
rather than a bunch of things with like weird commit
messages and nothing like that's going to make a different
impression or if you want people to adopt it and start using
it.
- Yeah. If you don't, then don't put this stuff in.
- Yeah, exactly.
All right, Brian, let's go faster.
- Well, let's go faster. Speaking of CLI.
So this is, this is a fun tool.
We're talking about faster, faster, faster, faster.
I don't know, faster, I'm gonna go with that.
So this is a, it's like time it on the command line.
So, but it's pretty neat.
So this is by Arian Wasi and we've had,
we've covered something that has before.
So.
- It was the type explainer thing.
I don't remember its exact name, but type explainer,
where you put a typed thing in there
and it would humanize what those meant.
So this is a simple little tool, but I'm loving it already.
So this one of the, it does either it times stuff
but it also compares times.
So like in this, we're showing the website here,
but in it, I can't tell what their timing.
So let's just pull over in the documentation.
It does have a bunch of examples.
So if you ran fast row with two code snippets,
And in this example that we're showing,
it's just either just showing either a string
or an F string timing those.
So that's pretty neat.
And so those two code snippets, if you run those,
it'll run both of those a whole bunch of times
and do some statistics.
Like in this example, it's running it 20,000
and 50,000 times, no, 20 million and 50 million, wow.
And then it shows you a little progress bar
and then who wins.
But if you don't, if you're not comparing two things,
it'll just show one with the same graphics,
but you can do more than two.
I did like three or four,
just trying this out to time different things
and compare them.
And this often, that's why I'm timing something.
I'm comparing two things
and I want to see which one's faster.
So this is a really cool feature.
You can either pass in code snippets
or you can give it to Python file names
and it'll run both those things.
One of the, it's kind of a whole bunch
of really cool features actually.
And one of the things I like is you can,
if you've got some code snippet that you are,
it needs some setup,
but that the setup part isn't the part you're timing,
you can give it some setup code to do
before it does the time part.
So that's pretty neat.
Anyway, just a really nice looking
command line interface timing tool.
- Yeah, that's very cool.
- So you can sort of isolate the things
that you really want to time
versus the set up things that you don't really care about?
- Yeah, I haven't tried the set up part,
but it's cool that it has it in there.
There's a-- - Yeah, that sounds very nice.
- Documentation is pretty thorough actually as well.
Quite a bit of customization available.
- That's cool, yeah, I agree that is nice,
that set up stuff, because so often,
if I want to profile like some web app or something,
it's the thing I wanna profile is dwarfed
by just loading up the framework and scanning all the files.
And you're like, all right, now I got to hunt down
that little fragment that actually represents
what I'm really after.
So pretty cool.
- Yeah, maybe I'll try one of those.
- Yeah, and you can pass in strings of Python
or you can pass in files.
- Yeah.
- When I saw the strings a bit, I'm like, all right,
there's a good use case for semi-colons in Python.
Right, import this thing.
- You can use them.
Yeah.
- Exactly, it makes you feel better.
- Awesome, that's a good one.
All right, Anna, on to you.
What's your first one?
- Yeah, so I wanted to talk a little bit about, well,
data, my line of business.
(Anna laughs)
I was just thinking that something
that could be really of interest is,
especially for that part of our audience
that works with kind of data science projects.
Well, in general, you're collecting data.
You definitely, in most cases,
you get some kind of noisy data that you need to clean up
and filter out in some way.
And particularly, so I imagine
we have a pretty large international audience as well.
And also on the other hand,
if you're working with data from maybe social media,
which is like very popular right now,
One of the questions that you have to solve there is
identify the human language of the data
that you're working with.
And sometimes you want to filter out the pieces of data
that are maybe, for example, are not in English.
If you're like going through social media posts
or something.
- All right, you get that little,
translate this to your language,
little button at the end if for some reason
the popular post is in Spanish or something, right?
- Exactly, yeah, and some of the platforms,
their APIs rather, do provide this kind of filtering
on their backhand.
I know Twitter does that, but also as I know,
sometimes it's not as reliable, really.
I guess maybe, again, like I could imagine
that maybe it's not really sort of the ultimate goal.
That's why they're maybe not putting as much love
and caring to this question.
(laughs)
So that's something that I had to deal a few times also.
And the couple of libraries that I've worked with
are LangID and LangDetect.
There are a few more out there and there,
these ones have been out there for a while actually
and LangID hasn't been actually sort of worked on
actively for a few years now,
but it's still kind of, you know,
one of those like benchmark libraries
for this kind of questions.
And both of those are super neat actually.
So, Linguid is really popular.
And one of the things that I really liked about it
is that it actually covers a lot of languages.
So, I've actually had different pieces of information
depending on the documentation that I was using
out of PyPi or the GitHub page.
So at some point I saw it was covering 97
and I think their GitHub page is saying 97.
- 97 is a lot of languages.
I couldn't name 97 languages.
- I'm a linguist, I would have trouble naming,
you know, 97 languages off the top of my head.
I definitely don't speak 97 languages.
And some of the nice things about it is that
you can use it as sort of like a standalone, you know,
module, like a command line tool, for instance.
But you can also use it as a web service.
So that's really neat about it.
And some more like nitty gritty things
that were really helpful when I was trying it out
for some of my projects was that
when you try to identify the human language using LangID,
It actually outputs the weights and the calculations done,
which is very typical in like a lock space.
So we have like this funky numbers in the end,
you know, truly speaking.
But the good thing is that you actually can convert them
to like more confident scores that,
so especially data scientists are used to.
And that actually comes in super handy
because sometimes when you're trying to filter out the data
and you know that this kind of tools
like obviously not 100% reliable, you can also use this confidence scores to sort of maybe
use it as again, okay, I'm taking this answer and I'm relying on that. Or, okay, maybe I'll just
drop this piece of data altogether because it looks like the language identifier is not super
actually sure what kind of language this is. If you're targeting a specific language.
- Yeah, this is wild.
- Yeah.
- So you basically might say we're 80% sure it's English,
but it might also be Spanish or something.
- Exactly, yeah, yeah.
Like English could be easily confused with maybe German
or sometimes French,
because there's like so much of the vocabulary
circling around those two languages.
(laughs)
So yeah, so the identifier is not correct.
You're 100% sure that this is language X.
And the funny thing is that I'm not so sure about lang ID.
Yeah, lang ID is also statistical actually.
No remembering and the lang detect as well.
And sort of the flip side of that is that
it actually works very well.
The bigger piece of data that you're fitting into it,
the more confident it's going to be,
like, right, that's how statistics work.
(laughs)
- Yeah.
- That's how machine learning works,
sort of generally speaking.
And if you're working specifically
with this kind of short tweets,
social media posts,
if it's like really short phrase, sentence,
interspersed with like emojis and stuff,
it's probably not going to be super confident.
So the bigger piece of data,
the more confident, the better the performance
of the language identifier will be.
So something to keep in mind when you're working
with this kind of data and you're trying to filter it
by language, for instance.
- Yeah, that makes sense.
If you have one word or something, it's very--
- Yeah, goofy, right?
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
- So this being one file, sorry,
but this being one file is insane.
Like it acts as a web server and does all sorts of stuff.
It's crazy.
- Yeah, and it's something that I really like about it.
It's a pretty lightweight, well-isolated, low-dependency package, which is fascinating.
Based on a not super sophisticated, naive-based algorithm, if I'm remembering it correctly.
So yeah, that's really, really fun.
It's really nice that it works so nicely.
The other one that I wanted to sort of kind of juxtapose to it was LangDetect,
which is in my second tabs there,
which I happened to find a little bit more robust
when I got to work with human language data in my project.
And it's also really neat and easy to use.
And the great thing about the basic usage
is very straightforward.
It's like one of those packages you discover,
like you know immediately what it's doing,
how it's doing it,
and you really can understand in five minutes,
is it going to be something that's gonna suit well
in my project for my purpose?
So the main methods are detect and detect length.
So you can either just call it on a piece of data
and try and get the most probable language
this package thinks it is,
or you can have returned a list of possible languages.
So it's going actually to sort them, to order them.
So it could be like maybe English,
and then there's a tiny fraction of probability
that's going to be German or something like that,
and then you can decide for yourself.
And yeah, so overall from my experience,
LangDetect worked and identified languages
a little bit better than LangID,
but that sort of empirical data.
- That's good, it seems super useful
for anyone that needs to parse text
and can't be sure it's all in one language.
Yeah, so if anyone out there like working on some kind of data science project,
working with human language data, I would highly recommend.
And probably one of the things why Langstent is a little bit more confident and robust,
I know that it covers fewer languages.
So it's, I think it's 55 languages total compared to, what was it, 97?
Yeah, for LangIdo you said.
But yeah.
- Interesting.
- They're both great.
- Nice.
Well, Michael.
- Let me tell you about our sponsor for this episode.
Before we move on, it's a podcast.
Amazing.
So this episode of Python Bytes is sponsored
by the compiler podcast from Red Hat.
So everyone out there, just like you, Brian and I,
we're both fans of podcasts,
listening to podcasts all the time and stuff.
That's why we started some, we like them.
And so I'm happy to share a new one
from a highly respected open source company, Compiler,
an original podcast from Red Hat.
With more and more of us working from home
or being more disconnected,
it's important to keep our human connection with technology.
Compiler unravels industry topics, trends,
and things you've always wanted to know about,
tech through interviews with the people who know best.
So on Compilator, you'll hear a chorus of perspectives
from diverse communities behind the code.
These conversations include questions like,
what is technical debt?
What are tech hiring managers actually looking for?
Hint, see item one to some degree.
And do you know how to code to get started with open,
how do you know how to code to get started with open source?
All right, I was a guest on Red Hat's previous podcast
called "Command Line Heroes,"
and that was a super produced and polished podcast.
It was a really cool experience.
And so Compiler follows along in that excellent tradition
and that polished style.
So I checked out episode 12,
how we should handle failure,
which I found really interesting.
I really value their conversation
about making space for developers to fail
so they can learn without fear of making mistakes,
like taking down the production website and so on.
People grow through experimentation,
but they also fail if they try new things.
So you gotta make sure that they get a chance to grow.
So learn about the compiler podcast
at pythonbytes.fm/compiler.
The link is at your podcast player share notes
right at the top.
You can listen to it on all the places that you would think.
So thanks to compiler podcast
for keeping this podcast going strong.
And Brian, also just real quickly,
I wanna point out,
I know people can just go to their podcast app,
whether that's Pocket Cast or Overcast or whatever,
and type in compiler and search,
but please visit pythonbytes.fm/compiler,
and there's a place to subscribe
with all of your various podcast destinations.
That way they know it came from us
rather than just out of the ether.
So if you're gonna subscribe, check them out.
Please do through that link, just so people know.
- Nice. - Yeah.
- Yeah.
- So how about we talk about watching some things,
files. Yeah, we were listening, now we're watching. Now we're gonna watch.
But watch them for changes, not watch what they are. So this one comes to us
from Samuel Colvin of Pydantic fame. So you know it's a pretty cool
experience behind developing this API and the idea is it's a simple modern and
high-performance ways to watch files for changes. So there's a lot of reasons you
you might wanna do that.
You might wanna say,
if somebody drops a file into this directory,
I'm gonna kick off a job to like load it up
and process it in some kind of batch processing.
Or I wanna have my web framework automatically restart
if this, any of the files in here get changed, right?
Any of the Python files or whatever.
So you could use it for things like that.
But the modern part's pretty interesting.
It hooks into the underlying file system,
the underlying OS notification systems
and that's done through the notify Rust library.
So basically, it's a low latency,
high-performance native non-polling way of watching the files.
It just goes to the operating system and says,
"Hey, in this directory tree,
if anything changes, call the callback."
That's pretty awesome.
>> Yeah.
>> So there's real simple uses here.
Like I can say from watch files import watch,
and then just for changes in watch some path,
then you can process those changes.
So here's an example of an app that just starts
and its job is to, as things change here, take them up.
That might be an example of what I said
about kicking off something over to like load it
and parse it and decide what to do
and then maybe pass it to Celery for background work, right?
On the other hand, you might want to do other things
while you're watching for changes as well in your app,
in which case there's also an A-Watch,
an asynchronous watch.
So if you're doing other work and it's all async I/O based,
here you can just say,
kick off the watching bit and await for the changes to happen,
and then do other async processing like FastAPI or web or database calls,
web with HTTPS or database calls with Beanie or whatever,
other async I/O things and it's
sort of lets you run them in parallel which is cool, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Then if you want to go even further,
you can kick off a separate process and say,
start a process that will watch for changes here,
and then call back this function if those things change.
That's pretty cool too. There's all these different ways in which you can use it.
But yeah, it's pretty neat.
It's based on this Rust library and it seems pretty powerful.
There's also a CLI,
which I did want to point out one other thing over here.
I thought this might impress you, Brian.
>> Definitely.
>> I can do a command line watch files command that will say,
watch this directory and if anything changes,
rerun the failing tests.
>> That's very cool.
>> That's cool, right? So you just do watch files and you run the string,
pytest --lf which is pytest rerun the failing tests,
if anything changes. I think that's neat.
>> The command line stuff is actually cool.
I check it out just for the command line usage,
But the ability to use it programmatically too with an API,
that's impressive and I'm very happy they included that.
- Yeah, absolutely.
If you're gonna use it through the CLI,
this is the perfect PIPX install type thing, right?
PIPX install watch files,
and then it's not really tied to any of your projects.
It's just always there.
Anna, what do you think?
- Yeah, that looks super neat.
Just made me immediately think about file triggers
is that they're one of the things that is probably mostly used
or at least widely used in S3
and just the cloud storage as well.
- Yeah. - And it's like, yeah.
I can imagine like all the possible ways
that it can be used, yeah, that's really neat.
I wonder if they in their documentation,
they actually provide any popular use cases or anything?
They might not do that,
but I was curious if they actually do.
- Yeah, I didn't see any in particular,
Just a couple of examples on how you might use it and all.
But yeah.
- Yeah.
- There's an older project called Watch God.
I don't know anything about that one,
but I'm glad I didn't learn about it
'cause now there's a new one called Watch Files.
But if you're using the old one,
this is the successor to that as well.
- It's a funny name,
but I could see why some people might not wanna use it.
- Yeah, well, again, see item one, right?
Pick a name that people would be willing
to talk about exactly.
- Yeah.
Well, I wanna talk about a new tool as well,
- Coverage, not, so hopefully all of us
are familiar with coverage.py.
So it's maintained by Ned Batchelder, a really cool tool,
but there's a new guy on the scene
and the new person on the scene is Slipcover.
So Slipcover, and actually I heard about Slipcover
through the coverage.py Twitter account,
which was interesting.
And so not surprising though, Ned's a pretty open-minded guy.
But so slip cover is coverage, but it's pretty new.
So some of these commits that's just within the last week
or so that things, this came in.
So there's a, it's still at,
like I think the version is 0.1.1 or something like that.
You even just got a new one out this morning.
So why would you wanna use something different?
Well, the big selling point of this is it's really fast.
It uses a different process
for getting the coverage information.
And it supposedly is only a 3% overhead,
which depending on your code,
coverage.py can sometimes slow down your code significantly.
And if you've got a really long running test suite,
making it even 20% faster,
but sometimes coverage can make it like twice as slow.
So if you've got a five minute test suite,
that makes it 10 minutes and that's a little painful.
So this might be worth checking out.
It's quite a bit faster.
I tried it against Flask as an example
and the Flask numbers,
so Flask has got a pretty tight test suite anyway,
but so just straight pytest on my machine,
it was like 2.7 seconds.
With coverage was about 4.3 seconds.
And then with slip cover,
it was just a little slower than just pytest.
So pytest 2.7 with slip cover is 2.88.
So just a little tiny bit more
and you get coverage information.
- That's really cool. - That's really cool.
- It is in the early stages though.
There's some kinks to work out still.
So I would try it out and watch this space.
I think they're doing some really cool things,
definitely worth watching.
But like for instance,
I ran into issues on projects that use pytest plugins.
I don't know why, but the plugins don't get loaded.
So the, like for instance, I tried to run this,
this Flask example, but with Xdist,
so that I could run all the tests in parallel
to see if it sped up parallel runs.
Also, it didn't recognize the parallelism.
So I'm not sure what's going on there,
but I am in communication with Juan,
One of the maintainers of this or let him know
what I found out.
I'm not just griping and not trying to make it better.
I'd love to have this be a really cool tool.
So.
- It looks neat.
Yeah, go ahead, Anna.
- Yeah, and so the near zero overhead,
that's mostly due to how they managed to provide that.
They talk about it in the documentation.
It's really interesting.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, with such low overhead,
I'm tempted to think of a more diabolical use of it.
Like I've got, I'm handed some crummy old app
that doesn't really have tests.
I got to figure out, well, what part of this is dead?
'Cause I don't know if you've ever picked up
some old app that's evolved and evolved.
And there's just stuff people don't take out
'cause they're afraid to.
- Yeah.
- Just run this in production for a while.
- Once.
- Oh yeah.
- And just go, okay,
don't look like they're doing it. There might be some case I need to track down, but this gray area
over here that's not touched, let me look for things to delete over here. That'd be kind of fun.
That's my favorite use of coverage is looking for dead code. Yeah, exactly. Before we move off this,
Brian, I've already asked, does it have a pytest plugin? I know you said it doesn't work
to run plugins, but this is the reverse question. I don't think so. You're running
slipcover and pytest at the same time.
Don't think you really need a pytest plugin for it.
It does work with pytest,
so you can run pytest operations on with it.
- Nice, just not the bells and whistles yet.
- Right, but I'm sure they'll get there.
- Yeah.
- Neat.
Yeah, I would love to sort of circle back to the data.
(laughs)
I'm afraid to sound like a broken record,
but that's my favorite topic.
- No, it's great to have you on to talk about it,
'cause Brian and I don't live
in the data science world, right?
So it's really cool. - Yeah, so that's great.
- Yeah.
- Well, you're welcome in our world.
(laughs)
There's a lot of fun stuff happening here.
And well, actually, if you think about it
from the actual very beginning, right,
even before trying to wrangle the data
and trying to infer any interesting information of the data,
you have to get it somehow.
And sometimes if you're particularly working
on some sort of side projects on your own,
you want to maybe try out a new tool
or maybe new, if you're doing like a machine learning
projects on modeling approach,
you usually need some very specific data to work on.
And how do you get this data?
Well, you have to actually go and maybe find some examples
of the data on your own.
And so something I wanted to talk about today
was actually web crawling and web scraping
and a couple of tools for that.
So one that is quite popular
and it's actually like an industrial grade kind of tool
is well, actually either Scrapy or Scrapy.
I've heard both variants.
And it's a pretty great tool.
So one of the great things like from the get go about
is that it actually has a built in shell.
So you can just go ahead and sort of try out things
in the CLI, get the response from a URL for instance,
and then try to poke around it and test out its behavior,
which is really nice,
and then see what kind of things you might want from there.
And if you actually sort of go ahead and use it
for your module to acquire, to get some data rather,
it provides all sorts of really nice functionalities.
To begin with, for instance,
the choice between using either CSS selectors
for the content of the web pages or an X-Path,
which is obviously like a little bit more flexible
and powerful where you can travel.
- It's more fragile though,
'cause if they make any change to the page.
- That also, yeah.
But still, yeah, well, it's a part of the game.
- Yeah, that's right.
- Yeah, and then some other really nice things about it
is that actually they do a lot of like
heavy lifting for you in terms of, for instance,
templating.
So you can, there's a built-in method for a start project,
and you can run that and right away you have
the whole structure and like all sorts of the boilerplate
kind of code.
And you just fill in the certain pieces, for instance,
for item processing, which is in their pipelines modules,
I think some of the settings, et cetera.
And there you go.
you know, it had like a huge amount of work already
sort of preset for you, pre-done kind of for you.
And then some other nice things about it
is that they're also provided with like numerous choices
actually for exporting the data
and for storing the data as well in a few places
and the formats that you would love to use for it.
sort of like all those typical standard things
like CSV, JSON, et cetera, to some more,
some less frequent options, really.
- Yeah, another thing that's pretty interesting
about this whole project is that there's a
web scraping as a service company.
- Yeah. - Right, right?
It used to be called Scraping Hub, now it's ZYTE, Z-Y-T-E.
- ZYTE, yep.
- You can basically go in there and just, you know,
sign up and hand out one of these spiders
and it'll just run it on the different servers,
try to avoid getting blocked, all that crazy stuff.
- Exactly, yeah.
So therefore it's so elaborate
and they really put a lot of,
just like I was talking before,
a lot of love and care to like all of the sorts
of functionality, like covering all those corners
of like what you might want from like a web crawling.
tool. And some other examples that I found particularly useful, for instance, is the
link extractor class. It's like really getting to like nitty-gritty parts of the tool where
you can extract further links from a page, but only those ones that, you know, adhere
to a particular pattern, for instance. And the list that you get is already deduped.
So once again, like it alleviates so much of, you know,
the dirty work on your part.
So that's really great.
And they do provide actually ways to interact
with the pages as well.
There's a form request class that you can use
and it does provide some functionality
where you can interact with the page,
but I haven't used it as much myself.
So I'm not like entirely sure how fascinating it is.
but it's probably well done as well.
And another library that I wanted to touch on briefly
today as well was Roblox.
That's actually something new for myself.
That's something I'm in the process of exploring.
So I haven't had a chance to work a whole lot with it yet,
but it seems really, really interesting.
and I would love, I would be happy if I got to hear
from somebody else who has tried it out or something.
Because it, well, in the first place,
it's built on top of HTTPX and Beautiful Soup,
Beautiful Soup 4, rather.
They're super popular in the industry
in sort of the data processing line of work
and particularly web crawling and web scraping.
but it adds some really useful functionalities
and it looks like it allows even more of this interaction
with the pages and like very neat and clean way.
You can probably find examples where you hear,
yeah, yeah, yeah, in the documentation.
It looks so, so, you know, nice and clean
and straightforward, looks lovely.
So yeah, I'm really excited about this package
and hoping to have an opportunity to test it out soon.
- Yeah, Roblox looks very interesting.
It looks very Selenium like
where you could actually control the page as well.
Fill in the comments with this,
fill in the first name with that and then submit.
The other thing that's cool about it
is it has async support for doing all this.
- Exactly, yeah.
- And it's scaling as well.
Yeah, oh, that's fantastic.
Awesome, man. - Yeah.
- Thanks.
- Nice.
Well, where are we at now?
We have a--
- Extras.
Extra, extra, extra here all about it.
I only got one.
How many you got?
- I got zero.
- Zero, all right.
Can I give a quick shout out to you while we're here?
- No.
- Okay, cool.
Well, I wanted to tell you all about my terminal adventures,
I suppose we'll call them.
So I've been using OhMyZshell, which is amazing.
I love all my Z shell.
But I also started playing with all my posh
and please and some of these other things.
And I thought, oh, well, how am I gonna decide
between say all my posh and all my Z shell?
Well, it turns out Brian, you don't have to decide
you get both.
So here's a little animated video I'll throw up
for people who are watching
I'll put it in the links as well.
So here's, you can see this cool prompt
which is all driven by all my posh
but you can see like auto complete into Git,
local Git branches through OhMyZshell
for either branch or checkout.
And then on top of that, we can do like PLS,
which is amazing.
You can do, oh, and McFly.
We talked about McFly before,
which gives you auto complete into your history
and sort of a Emacs style editor type of AI complete.
And then PLS for a LS replacement
that is developer friendly with like little icons
for the file types and it uses .gitignore to hide stuff
that you don't wanna see.
And it's like Python friendly,
like understands V and Vs and de-emphasizes them
and all that kind of stuff.
So anyway, people have been trying to decide
between these things.
It turns out they all go well together.
You don't have to decide.
- That's pretty cool.
- Yeah. - Yeah.
Yeah, I remember like on my ZSH
that looks even, yeah.
- Yeah, and all this stuff works
and you don't have to give up any of it.
The only thing that isn't there is the prompt
and the prompt is not all that great, honestly.
I know you can customize it,
but I think it's better on OmaiPosh,
which is pretty amazing.
So people who are listening,
they can check out the little video I'll link to somehow.
I'll find a way to do that in the show notes
so you all can check it out.
Okay, that's my extra.
Yeah. - Yeah.
- How about a joke?
So we're all starting to go back out to dinner,
restaurants, COVID's over right here, not necessarily,
but here's one from a slightly different perspective.
It says, "Hello, I'm your server today."
Brian, can you just describe for people listening
what's in this picture?
- There's two robots at a restaurant sitting down
and there's like a server rack next to them.
- Yeah, okay.
The subtitle is "When You Go Out for a Bite, BYT."
The server is by the table where the robots are drinking.
It says, "My name is DHX005972, and I will be your server
this evening."
I love this one.
Thanks.
All right, that's all I got for us for our joke today.
Nice.
Well, thanks, Anna, for joining us today.
Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
Yeah, it was great.
Thank you, Brian, as always, and everyone
out there listening.
Thanks so much.
- Yep. Have a good one everyone.